Update to the latest Oberon PSA core 1.5.1 (#23474)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-3.1.0-preview1.rst

Security
========

* Updated the Oberon PSA core to version 1.5.1 that introduces support for the following new features with the Oberon PSA driver:

>   * Experimental support for post-quantum cryptography schemes ML-KEM (FIPS 203), ML-DSA (FIPS 204) and XMSS verify (NIST SP 800-208).

Reviewer: Not sure what they are but there's also HSS and LMS which you don't mention?

Author: Actually I will remove the XMSS verify here and I will just keep the NIST spec which describes them all.

Security
========

> * Updated:
>   * The Oberon PSA core to version 1.5.1 that introduces support for the following new features with the Oberon PSA driver:
> 
>    * Experimental support for post-quantum cryptography schemes ML-KEM (FIPS 203), ML-DSA (FIPS 204) and XMSS verify (NIST SP 800-208).
>    * Experimental support for XChaCha20-Poly1305 AEAD algorithm.
>    * Experimental support for SHAKE128 with 256-bit output length.
> 
>   * The option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_WPA3_SAE_PT` is now removed and replaced by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_WPA3_SAE_H2E`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the Oberon PSA core to version 1.5.1 that introduces support for the following new features with the Oberon PSA driver:

  * Experimental support for post-quantum cryptography schemes ML-KEM (FIPS 203), ML-DSA (FIPS 204) and XMSS verify (NIST SP 800-208).
  * Experimental support for XChaCha20-Poly1305 AEAD algorithm.
  * Experimental support for SHAKE128 with 256-bit output length.

* Removed the ``CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_WPA3_SAE_PT`` Kconfig option and replaced it with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_WPA3_SAE_H2E`.
```

Reviewer 3: This new entry should go to release-notes-changelog, not the release notes for the already released 3.1.0 preview 1.
